Add Helm chart sizing tiers to CloudPrem sizing docs (#34963)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudprem/operate/sizing.md

## Helm chart sizing tiers

The CloudPrem Helm chart provides predefined sizing tiers through the `indexer.podSize` and `searcher.podSize` parameters. Each tier sets the vCPU and memory resource limits for a pod, and automatically configures component-specific settings.

| Size | vCPUs | Memory |
|------|-------|--------|
| medium | 1 | 4 GB |
| large | 2 | 8 GB |
| xlarge | 4 | 16 GB |
| 2xlarge | 8 | 32 GB |
| 4xlarge | 16 | 64 GB |
| 6xlarge | 24 | 96 GB |
| 8xlarge | 32 | 128 GB |

{{% collapse-content title="Indexer configuration per tier" level="h3" expanded=false %}}

The following values are automatically applied when you set `indexer.podSize` in the Helm chart. See the [Indexer configuration][1] reference for details on each parameter.

| Size | split_store_max_num_bytes | split_store_max_num_splits |
|------|---------------------------|----------------------------|
| medium | 200G | 10000 |
| large | 200G | 10000 |
| xlarge | 200G | 10000 |
| 2xlarge | 200G | 10000 |
| 4xlarge | 200G | 10000 |
| 6xlarge | 200G | 10000 |
| 8xlarge | 200G | 10000 |

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Ingest API configuration per tier" level="h3" expanded=false %}}

> The following values are automatically applied when you set `indexer.podSize` in the Helm chart. See the [Ingest API configuration][2] reference for details on each parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following values are automatically applied when you set `indexer.podSize` in the Helm chart. For more details on each parameter, see the [Quickwit Ingest API configuration][2].
```
